README.md, before:

# key-value-store 
[![Travis (.com)](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store.svg)](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store) [![GitHub (pre-)release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ryanwhowe/key-value-store/all.svg)](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store) [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/ryanwhowe/key-value-store.svg)](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ryanwhowe/key-value-store/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ryanwhowe/key-value-store)

This is a database backed key/value store setter and getter library with additional functionality

This extends the key/value store in several ways

- The ability to separate out values by groups
  - This allows group1.key1 to exist and not collide with group2.key1
- The ability to have key/series values
  - This works like a logging method with the ability to retrieve the last value set or the entire series
- The ability to have key/series of distinct values
  - This allows for only recording when a value changes as a logging method with the ability to retrieve the last value 
  set or the series

Please read the [wiki](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/php-keyvaluestore/wiki) for additional documentation on the classes and methods.

Please add any [issues](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/php-keyvaluestore/issues) for anything that does not appear to work as expected.

Please feel free to ask any questions if you think that this could be something useful to you.

Commit message:

Dev (#33)
* Update README.md

Resolving issue #27

* - added phgmd to dev requirements
- Went through all phpmd notices

* - Resolved `else` phpmd notices

* Updated the code analytis

*  - Update the composer.lock file
 - Updating testing docblocks

*  - Update the .gitattributes to ignore the composer.lock file

*  - performed composer update
 - corrected the inconsistent indenting

*  - Updated some tests
 - Corrected doc blocks
 - Refactored the class hierarchy to remove the Multi abstract class
 - Changed the working to utilize better timestamps for sqlite
 - Removed incorrect throws tags for doctrine exceptions
 - Refactored the getGroupingSet() method to be more consistent
 - Refactored the Single.get() method to mirror output from Series.get()
 - Added abstract functions get and set to KeyValue abstract class
 - Changed the manager create script to work better with sqlite

* - Minor documentation updates

README.md, after:

# key-value-store 
[![Travis (.com)](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store.svg)](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store) [![GitHub (pre-)release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ryanwhowe/key-value-store/all.svg)](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store) [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/ryanwhowe/key-value-store.svg)](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/key-value-store) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ryanwhowe/key-value-store/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ryanwhowe/key-value-store)

Version 2 has been reworked to specifically work with a Sqlite backend.

This is a database backed key/value store setter and getter library with additional functionality

This extends the key/value store in several ways

- The ability to separate out values by groups
  - This allows group1.key1 to exist and not collide with group2.key1
- The ability to have key/series values
  - This works like a logging method with the ability to retrieve the last value set or the entire series
- The ability to have key/series of distinct values
  - This allows for only recording when a value changes as a logging method with the ability to retrieve the last value 
  set or the series

Please read the [wiki](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/php-keyvaluestore/wiki) for additional documentation on the classes and methods.

Please add any [issues](https://github.com/ryanwhowe/php-keyvaluestore/issues) for anything that does not appear to work as expected.

Please feel free to ask any questions if you think that this could be something useful to you.
